README: relocate update API instructions and example (#1124)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

There are several ways of updating your Bottlerocket hosts:

#### Updog

> You can update Bottlerocket using a CLI tool, `updog`, if you [connect through a host container](#exploration).

Reviewer: I think this should say admin container rather than host container, and we should probably move the (now smaller) update API section above this, since we don't recommend using the admin container in production.

If you are running the Kubernetes variant of Bottlerocket, you can use the [Bottlerocket update operator](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-update-operator) to automate Bottlerocket updates.

#### Update API

> The [Bottlerocket API](#api) includes a set of API endpoints that helps facilitate stateful Bottlerocket updates.  You can read more about the update API in our [update system documentation](sources/updater/README.md#update-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Bottlerocket API](#api) includes methods for checking and starting system updates.  You can read more about the update APIs in our [update system documentation](sources/updater/README.md#update-api).
```
